Hey, it's me, Destin, welcome back to "Every day gets smarter"
I'm going to do something different today
Let's start with a story. Long ago there was a national wealth
All are based on the number of flocks you have. There is a rich man, with countless sheep.
While another peasant family has only one sheep.
But they like the sheep very much.
The father of a rural family wants the sheep to be the best.
So spent a lot of time with her.
Basically, she is part of a family and she is involved in that family
All life. One day a tourist came to the city to visit the rich man.
And they become business partners.
That evening, they were hungry but rich
Tourists do not want to slaughter their own sheep
Sheep pointing to rural home. The rich take away the sheep from the countryside
Cut the most delicious part. Rich people enjoy with tourists
The big meal filled their belly.
This shatters rural families. My father demanded that the rich compensate another
Sheep was ignored. Oh, this is really sad.
But this is true. Sheep is your YouTube video, and the rich
It is Facebook. Traveler is uploading you
Video to Facebook people, which gives them both something you can use
To make money. In the end how to make money online video?
You must have seen the beginning of the video advertising.
And you've heard that some people rely on YouTube to talk about life right?
But you do not know if this depends on a very large number of ads
In order to obtain these incomes. This is why many people think of it
Find a sponsor to sponsor their video.
In fact, there is a sponsor on the final screen of this video.
Many times these videos need to spend a lot of time and money to make.
In some cases, people are free to upload some videos and succeed.
In any case, it is deserved to make video
Success or profit right? But the problem is coming
Sometimes people steal videos and reprint him as if they made it themselves.
Flula is a German DJ, my friend uploaded this funny video
To YouTube is called Jennifer is a Party Pooper. This thing in four years
Get 5 million views, great. Until you find out
A Facebook-approved page to download the video and then reproduced
The same goes for 5 Million clicks on Facebook
Only 4 days! Facebook's formula is also compared
Favoritism Facebook uses Flula's video
Play 5 million ads to make money. I was thinking about what Flula would say.
It's like I did a gift to my friend but the other person stole my gift,
Pack up and say: Hey everyone, look at me personally
Gift for you! Oh my god
They ate his sheep. Finally, he applied to Facebook
Do not do that. I'm sure they are happy to do that
Because they have made money. This is a serious topic worth discussing.
This action was Brady Haran
Hello Internet called "Freebooting" (reproduced)
- Freebooting. - Freebooting.
Freebooting (reprint) is a use of people's work
Come as your own work, to be profitable.
Brady has multiple channels These are great channels. Often be reproduced (freebooting)
This is a video of his video where his puppy, Audrey, plays with the bubbles.
You will find someone reprinted it, and Facebook also use it to advertise.
150,000 people have already seen it. And this click rate up to 1.2 million
Shared 34,000 times. That is a share of up to 34.5 points reading rate.
This is no point rate calculation.
You try it, this is 250,000 times the video is shared if we multiply it
The ratio of the previous video will be 9.1 million views
What happened? Being "smarter every day" is also one of the victims
In September, I uploaded a tattoo process
Slow motion video. That is my greatest success.
And Europe's largest private publishing company
Called the Bauer Media Group downloaded the video, cut out all educational content,
Clip out my sponsor and edit all the links to the "smarter" link every day
Then reprint to their Facebook page (Facebook recognized page)
I filled out the form, sent the email, tried every single way to get in touch
These two billion-dollar companies.
That is actually their most successful video.
So I try to get them down,
And inside the company, actually reprinted, but also written
"Just in case you missed it" until "Every day becomes smarter"
Twitter fans have shared this news hundreds of times,
Facebook did not respond. Interesting.
Because the process of video off the shelf longer
The more they can advertise on the video.
Until the end they have it off the shelf has been read on Facebook
Over 17 million times. I am here to tell you.
17 million times, can be very serious, can be very impressive college tuition.
After Dwayne, Facebook community implementation, sent an email to me
"We understand that this operation has been solved
Your intellectual property issues. "Facebook is like this,
When you find these conditions, you can see any interest you've been dreaming of
Suddenly been snatched away on Facebook's page.
Then you get stuck in an email
They understand and solve your intellectual property issues.
I do not want you to sympathize with me.
I am very lucky and grateful that I am trusted.
But I also understand not every one
The channel has 2 million smart subscribers. These things happen every day
Thousands of times in those who can not say anything.
They look complicated, but not actually.
Even my kids understand what's going on.
(Destin) But they are very hungry, so can you? - No, not.
-why not? Because it is the sheep of others.
- Yeah, but they are hungry - they should go back, tourists
Should be put back. Why tourists should go back?
Because he pointed at the sheep. - Then if I tell you every day
The rich will find another tourist to bring sheep to others.
what do you think? That's enough to keep him in jail.
-why? Because he steals every day.
- Oh, so simple, is not it? - But if there is no prison?
- You know, he has a lot of arguments. If reproduced someone else's original really no penalty?
I mean, people tell me
It is impossible for ordinary people like us to fight these hundreds of millions of people
organizational. But is this true?
Are we finished? Because no money. Really?
What I mean is that if a child aged six and eight can understand this unfairness,
We have laws.
Do not you think courts can do the same thing?
Things that may be right are sometimes really hard,
It is also very decadent. As the video says, those two guys
Eat my sheep, the rich and tourists, actually refused
Compensation. Really clever.
Delay him, let him suffer, I hope he slowly lost interest in fighting for his own rights.
Facebook reprint must stop, and you can help
As long as you see the reproduced content, where are good, do all three things.
Screen capture, message, contact. Screenshot of the reproduced behavior.
Or if you want a full record, you can video capture of the contents of the repost.
Reprinted by the content of the message.
Tell everyone this is stolen, but also tell you original source.
Contact the original creator, give them the reproduced evidence.
There are repost the connection. The originator can decide whether or not
Take legal action. This will make
Creators spend more time with their sheep. If you feel negative, I apologize
This is not my intention.
I just want to say no to those who can not voice.
For example, Gordon, the producer who makes music for us everyday
His music has also been reproduced, you can see how sad he is.
Trading is like this. I promise Gordon, and we will
Commitment to our sponsors, Audible.com. If you want to support us, go to audible.com/smarter
Download any audio data of your choice. I recommend Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card.
let me tell you. When I am ready to do this video,
I listen Ender's Game, really make me aggressive.
Ender is a little boy and does not like quarrels.
But people are chasing him. He uses his wisdom
Although he is weak, to defeat the enemy.
All human choice
Use his skills to defend
Alien invasion. This is a good book
Marine Corps recommended.
Buy it Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card
Let me know if another person
You can also defeat a strong enemy. I recommend, even if you have already read
Go and experience Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card.
You can get it free again at audible.com/smarter, thanks for listening to me so much.
I am Destin, this is "smarter every day" I wish you have a good time watching